Getting Started with Synthetic Monitoring (#10950)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/synthetics/_index.md

## Overview

Datadog Synthetic Monitoring allows you to monitor uptime, identify regional issues, and ensure key business transactions can perform on your applications.

There are three ways to monitor your applications: API tests to monitor the uptime of your API endpoints, multistep API tests to link several HTTP requests, and browser tests to record key user journeys. You can run tests from publicly managed locations or run tests from private locations to monitor internal-facing applications and private URLs. 

{{< img src="synthetics/synthetics_home.png" alt="Synthetic Monitoring home page" >}}

> With Synthetic Monitoring data, you can observe your systems' perfomance and user experience. The [Synthetic Monitoring][1] homepage displays real-time status updates, response times, and uptimes along with your metrics, logs, and traces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Synthetic Monitoring data, observe your systems' performance and user experience. The [Synthetic Monitoring][1] homepage displays real-time status updates, response times, and uptimes along with your metrics, logs, and traces.
```
